Public nav:

home (root)     /index.html
  upcoming meetings and your next rows (MEMBER and PUBLIC)
  recent messages  (MEMBER)
  featured photos and description of sections in nav. (PUBLIC)

Events                           /events
  shows public events (races, open meetings, and rows today. Can't view row details. ) (PUBLIC)
  or:
  shows all rows & other events and custom filters. Can create and join rows. The captain or event creator can modify or cancel a row. (MEMBER)   Admin can delete an event.  

Resources
  Forms                            /forms (static)   
     Membership renewal.
     New member registration. 
     Race registration.  (PUBLIC)
     Liability waiver (MEMBER)

  Links                            /links            PUBLIC
     other clubs, resources.       /links/3  

  Rowing info (protocol)   MEMBER

  Racing resources   MEMBER

  Photos   /photos   MEMBER
    Add new photo: /photos/new
    Add photo album link: /photo_album/new

Races. Last year, next year.     /races   (linked by resources?)  PUBLIC
  Featured: Gloucester Harbor (race forms, course map)   /races/2   12 columns
  Minor featured: Blackburn, Essex                                  6 cols
  Cards with race info for new england races                        3 cols
     Directions | Race Course | Registration   /registrations/2

Contact
  Contact to public leadership.  Subject, Body, From_name, from_email   (PUBLIC)
  Search by name  (MEMBER)
     Click to send GGR message, email, phone, or map to address.  Click to view contact info.
  View directory (ADMIN)

Join                             /join  (static)   PUBLIC
   Encourage to submit info and link to   /registration/new
      What interests you?  Name, email, times that you'd prefer to row, 
   Map to Maritime Gloucester Docs.  Pictures.  /photos/2
   Shows rows next day that has a row that is likely to go out (>5 rowers)   /rows/this_week
   photos of new members?
   # of members, # joined in last 12 months. 
   Link to: new member registration and membership renewal.

Sign in  (PUBLIC)  or account * Mike (MEMBER)
   Account shows: edit info, reset password, unlock, etc.




Registration and signup.
Currently, users send an email and get assigned to up to three practice rows.  If they decide to join, someone sets up an account for them with a standard password.  Passwords can't be changed by a user.  Overall, very little automation and it requires a lot of administration time. 

Proposed: 
Easier to sigin up for rows and more automation.  Anyone visiting our site that lives nearby can see the upcoming rows and events and sign up as a guest member.  (only requires email and display name, and they are sent an email with an authorization link) After 3 rows, they can't signup for more rows until they join. When they join, they give some optional contact info and instructions for payment at MG.  MG (or another admin) has a web app that takes an email address and puts in their payment date.

Any member can renew their membership if they have been a member in the past.  

Let people see more/most information, but not signup or see people on a boat.  Much more is visible to them.

Don't encourage people to "register" or "join" as a member, but rather encourage them to "join a row" (if they are local)
  "Join a Row"
    If you want to join, send your name, email, why, how did you hear about GGR?, rowing time preferences, creates account on that machine that is good for a few weeks.  By default, "remember me" is checked.  If not checked, then user needs to create a password or 

    An email is sent to the new member coordinator.  Admin can click a link to use app to "assign guest" to a row.  When done, an email is sent to the guest letting them know they are on a row and a link to ggr.com that shows their upcoming rows.

Members can see the names of the guest members and a link and their bio page. 

New member rows show the guest member's name.  

Should local guests see something different than non-local guests?  If someone comes from CA, should they see the same as Gloucester?  Yes, promote "try rowing" if they are local.  



Do you live or work near Gloucester, Massachusetts, USA? 



Requirements:
When selecting a time, show the 10 most common times for rows.  
Within an hour of the captain's last row, the app's home page shows the boat's rowers and lets them select "missed" or "late" for any member.

List of captains

